samples: Fix warning for minimal pinout FEM in DTM and radio_test (#10525)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  Occasionally, the :ref:`at_monitor_readme` library heap becomes overrun, presumably due to one of the registered AT event listeners becoming stalled.
  This has only been observed with the :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service` sample.

.. rst-class:: v2-3-0 v2-2-0

NCSDK-20095: Build warning in the RF test samples when the minimal pinout FEM is used

>   :ref:`radio_test` and :ref:`direct_test_mode` builds with warning for with the FEM in minimal pinout configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The :ref:`radio_test` and :ref:`direct_test_mode` samples build with a warning about FEM in minimal pinout configuration.
```
Any workaround?
